# PyWeek regrets #

Game ideas based on unchosen PyWeek themes

Mr Fixit (unused PyWeek 13 theme): Puzzle game where you have to fix machines by fitting the right pieces into the right places. It starts out normally enough, but as the game goes on, you have to be creative about where you pull the pieces from. By the end of the game, just like a real handyman willing to cannibalize anything around him for a quick fix, nothing is off limits. Pull pieces from seemingly non-functional game elements.

Mysterious Stranger (unused PyWeek 13 theme): Point-and-click adventure where you're the main character of a noir detective novel, involving pursuing a mysterious stranger. The clues you uncover are words that get integrated into your own narrative, changing the world around you. Like Today I Die, except that there's a timeline, and words you uncover late in the story can affect the earlier scenes. The story itself is very short, and you have to play it through several times and see several different endings to complete the game.

Everything Goes to Hell (unused PyWeek 14 theme): text adventure story about the last creatures alive before the heat death of the universe. They're artificial life forms created by an extremely advanced species, designed to survive as long as possible. They're each made up of a handful of leptons bound within a few trillion light-year radius, and they move on extremely slow timescales. They're hanging around the Last Pocket, which is the last 0.3 ergs of usable energy left in the universe. They each have some built-in memory of the way things are, but they don't really know what they're supposed to be doing. Every action they take uses up a little of the energy and brings them closer to the end. How will they spend their last days (really 10^28 years, but whatever)? Multiple endings depending on the choices you take. When you learn of a term from one creature, you can ask another creature about it and chain together clues.